Updated ap20/21 migration guide (#92)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/overview/account_setup/ap20-ap21-migration.md

## Step 2: Set Up Multi Factor Authentication

An important change is that the new access points will require multi factor authentication.

> As part of the migration process, please install a TOTP client and connect your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the migration process, you will connect to your account to a time-based one-time password (TOTP) client. 
```

> account. When connecting to an access point via ssh, you will be asked to provide the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting to an access point via ssh, you will be asked to provide the
```
